added flatpak dir in files.md (#295)
ankitects/anki-manual: src/files.md

On **Linux**, recent Anki versions store your data in
`~/.local/share/Anki2`, or `$XDG_DATA_HOME/Anki2` if you have set a

> custom data path. If you have the **flatpak** version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
custom data path. If you are using a third-party **Flatpak** build,
```
